RBAC: Allow listing user permissions with scope (#57538)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/http_api/access_control.md

| 403  | Access denied.                                                       |
| 500  | Unexpected error. Refer to body and/or server logs for more details. |

### List your permissions

`GET /api/access-control/users/permissions`

> Lists the permissions of the signed in user.

Author: ```suggestion
Lists the permissions granted to the signed in user.
```

#### Required permissions

No permission is required.

#### Query parameters

| Param       | Type    | Required | Description                                                           |
| ----------- | ------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | reloadcache | boolean | No       | A flag to get permissions from store and reload the permission cache. |

Reviewer: nit: is `store` a widely used term? I think `data store` or `database` would be easier to understand.

> | scoped | boolean | No       | A flag indicating if we want the scopes of the permissions on top of the user's available actions. |

Reviewer 2: What does "on top of the user's available actions" mean here? What does the request look like without this parameter?

Author: without `scoped`, you only got users actions without knowing on what they applied. But I'm removing this Query param in the end :)

Author: {
  "dashboards:read": true,
  "dashboards:write":  true,
  "datasources.id:read":  true,
  "datasources:read": true,
  "datasources:explore": true,
  "datasources:query":  true,
  "datasources:read":  true,
  "orgs:read": true
}

#### Example request

```http
GET /api/access-control/user/permissions?scoped=true
Accept: application/json
```

#### Example response

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json; charset=UTF-8

{
  "dashboards:read": ["dashboards:uid:70KrY6IVz"],
  "dashboards:write": ["dashboards:uid:70KrY6IVz"],
  "datasources.id:read": ["datasources:*"],
  "datasources:read": ["datasources:*"],
  "datasources:explore": [""],
  "datasources:query": ["datasources:uid:grafana"],
  "datasources:read": ["datasources:uid:grafana"],
  "orgs:read": [""]
}
```

#### Status codes

| Code | Description                                                          |
| ---- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 200  | Set of assigned permissions is returned.                             |
| 403  | Access denied.                                                       |
| 500  | Unexpected error. Refer to body and/or server logs for more details. |

### List permissions assigned to a user

`GET /api/access-control/users/:userId/permissions`

> Lists the permissions of a given user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lists the permissions granted to a given user.
```
